README.md, before:

# Victor - Library AI 

Victor is Ollama model (prompt) that was set up to be your library's circulation assistant. It was set up by Ms. Kristie Feguer(me!), a librarian.  
No cloud, no OpenAI/Claude/Gemini/xAI, no internet required after setup. Intended to help find items and answer general questions while prioritizing patron curiosity and privacy. Collection added using csv. Takes 5 minutes to load "brain" around 20,000 items. 

- Run on Llama 3.2 3B (or 1B) 
- Greets patrons on startup
- Uses RAG to pull your library's catalog information

Perfect for small libraries that want a local, private AI that is secure and answers questions in public setting.

## Quick start
```bash
ollama create victor -f Victor.ModelFile
ollama run victor
Howdy, Partner! Welcome to the library, how can I help you today?

[![License: AGPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-AGPL%20v3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0)
=======
# victor-library-assistant
Victor is a 100% local, Ollama-powered LLM. No OpenAI/Gemini/xAI/Etc... No data leaves, intended for use without internet. Library and information assistant. Created with people and privacy as top priority. Cowboy quirks, unnecessary? Maybe...
>>>>>>> 2db21056df8e5baa9fe35c69ffe41f17344c9c35

Commit message:

Add working RAG search with catalog brain and updated README

README.md, after:

# Victor - Library AI 

Victor is Ollama model that was set up to be your library's circulation assistant. This assistant is intended for small libraries that want AI that can search and access the catalog, give locations, and answer questions for patrons. It was set up by Ms. Kristie Feguer(me!), a librarian.  
No cloud, no OpenAI/Claude/Gemini/xAI, no internet required after setup. Intended to help find items and answer general questions while prioritizing patron curiosity and ensuring their privacy. 

- Run on Llama 3.2 3B (or 1B) 
- Greets patrons on startup
- Family-Friendly 
- Remembers Conversation
- Cowboy Quirks
- Distinguishes Item Types (DVD, picture book, Young Adult, etc...)
- 99% Accurate Answers

How does it work? You export your library's catalog as a CSV. ingest.py reads the csv and builds the "brainnnn" (json file) using embeddings. 
asky.py searches the brain for the patron's questions, pulls, and feeds them to the LLM.

Perfect for small libraries that want a local, private AI that is secure and answers questions in public setting. It is easy to update, local, and can run offline after initial setup. 

Requirements: 
- Windows, Mac, Linux computer/OS
- Ollama installation
- Python 3

## Quick start
```bash
ollama create victor -f Victor.ModelFile
ollama run victor
Howdy, Partner! Welcome to the library, how can I help you today?

[![License: AGPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-AGPL%20v3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0)
=======
# victor-library-assistant
Victor is a 100% local, Ollama-powered LLM. No OpenAI/Gemini/xAI/Etc... No data leaves, intended for use without internet. Library and information assistant. Created with people and privacy as top priority. Cowboy quirks, unnecessary? Maybe...
>>>>>>> 2db21056df8e5baa9fe35c69ffe41f17344c9c35
